Additional valuation methodologies we've talked about price earnings price to revenue DCF and net present
value.
Let's talk about some new ones and it's easier to introduce these new concepts now that you understand
the other concepts from a valuation perspective.
So let's kick it off with enterprise value to it.
This one is very similar and price to earnings except in the numerator.
You include debt and used cash and denominators but that in earnings.
Okay.
Now enterprise value which is the numerator is market capitalization plus that minus cash.
And this one is actually used by lot of investment bankers and also corporate finance departments when
they're looking to buy other companies because in M&A or mergers and acquisitions situations the acquire
we need to pay back the debt.
So they like to look at to even the next step.
We've got Eevee to sales and this is similar to price to revenue except in the numerator.
You're also accounting for debt and deducting cash.
And again enterprise value which is numerator equals market cap plus that minus cash.
And I repeat this on purpose is used in M&A situations as you Choire would need to pay back the debt
price cash flow.
This is a lot like price to earnings but as absolutely loves by value investors for obvious reasons
because value investors like to buy stuff that's cheap price to book.
This is another one loved by value investors and basically price to book means.
What's the value of the company if you liquidate and sold everything